RHIDP-9010: AEM-related changes (#1426)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/configuring-the-quickstarts/proc-customize-rhdh-quickstart.adoc

        text: 'Browse Templates'
        link: '/create'
----

> `title`:: (Required) The display title for the quickstart step.
> `description`:: (Required) A brief description of what the step covers.
> `icon`:: Icon identifier (supports Material UI icons).
> `text`: CTA button text.
> `link`:: CTA target URL or route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`title`:: Enter the display title for the quickstart step.
`description`:: Enter the brief description of what the step covers.
`icon`:: (Optional) Enter the icon identifier (supports Material UI icons).
`cta`::
`text`::: (Optional) Enter the CTA button text.
`link`::: (Optional) Enter the CTA target URL or route.
```
